# CSE323 / Algo Design/Analysis Lab

## Syllabus

{% file src="../.gitbook/assets/Y3S5-CSE323-SYLLABUS-BTECH-CSE-IT.pdf" %}

## Resources

<details>

<summary>EXPT-1: Write a program to implement Quick sort algorithm for sorting a list of integers in ascending order</summary>

\[⤓]

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-2: Write a program to implement Merge sort algorithm for sorting a list of integers in ascending order</summary>

\[⤓]

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-3: DFS &#x26; BFS</summary>

i) Write a program to implement the DFS algorithm for a graph.\
ii) Write a program to implement the BFS algorithm for a graph. :

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-4: Write a programs to implement backtracking algorithm for the N-queens problem.</summary>

\[⤓]

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-5: Write a program to implement the backtracking algorithm for the sum of subsets problem.</summary>

\[⤓]

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-6: Write a program to implement the backtracking algorithm for the Hamiltonian Circuits problem.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-7: Write a program to implement greedy algorithm for job sequencing with deadlines.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-8: Write a program to implement Dijkstra’s algorithm for the Single source shortest path problem.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-9: Write a program that implements Prim’s algorithm to generate minimum cost spanning tree.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-10: Write a program that implements Kruskal’s algorithm to generate minimum cost spanning tree.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-11: Write a program to implement Dynamic Programming algorithm for the 0/1 Knapsack.</summary>



</details>

{% hint style="danger" %}
Content Yet to be Updated for this Page, Submit Resources If you want to collaborate, find form attached on this page below.
{% endhint %}

***

{% embed url="https://discord.gg/6ywR3zbNfg" %}

{% embed url="https://mantavyam.notion.site/18152f7cde8880d699a5f2e65f87374e" %}

{% embed url="https://mantavyam.notion.site/17e52f7cde8880e0987fd06d33ef6019" %}
