# CSE525 / IWT Lab

## Syllabus

{% file src="../.gitbook/assets/Y3S5-CSE525-SYLLABUS-BTECH-CSE-IT.pdf" %}

## Resources

<details>

<summary>EXPT-1: Write an HTML code to display your education details in a tabular format.</summary>

* Write an HTML code to display your CV on a web page.

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-2: Write an HTML code to create a Home page having three links: About Us, Our Services and Contact Us.</summary>

* Create separate web pages for the three links.
* Write an HTML code to create a login form. On submitting the form, the user should get navigated to a profile page.

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-3: Write an HTML code to create a Registration Form.</summary>

* On submitting the form, the user should be asked to login with these new credentials.

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-4: Write an HTML code to create your Institute website, Department Website, and Tutorial website for a specific subject.</summary>

\[⤓]

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-5: Write an HTML code to illustrate the usage of the following:</summary>

* Ordered List
* Unordered List
* Definition List

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-6: Write an HTML code to create a frameset having header, navigation, and content sections.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-7: Write an HTML code to demonstrate the usage of inline, internal, and external CSS.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-8: Write a JavaScript to prompt for the user's name and display it on the screen.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-9: Design an HTML form for keeping the students' records and validate it using JavaScript.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-10: Write an HTML program to design an entry form of student details and send it to store a database server like SQL, Oracle, or MS Access.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-11: Write programs using a JavaScript for Web Page to display browsers' information.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-12: Write a program using PHP and HTML to create a form and display the details entered by the user.</summary>



</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-13: Design an HTML form for keeping the student's record and validate it using JavaScript.</summary>

\[⤓]

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-14: Write programs using a JavaScript for Web Page to display browser information.</summary>

\[⤓]

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-15: Write an HTML program to design an entry form of student details and send it to store a database server like SQL, Oracle, or MS Access.</summary>

\[⤓]

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-16: Create an applet that will have a line, an oval and a rectangle.</summary>

\[⤓]

</details>

<details>

<summary>EXPT-17: Write a program using PHP and HTML to create a form and display the details entered by the user.</summary>

\[⤓]

</details>

{% hint style="danger" %}
Content Yet to be Updated for this Page, Submit Resources If you want to collaborate, find form attached on this page below.
{% endhint %}

***

{% embed url="https://discord.gg/6ywR3zbNfg" %}

{% embed url="https://mantavyam.notion.site/18152f7cde8880d699a5f2e65f87374e" %}

{% embed url="https://mantavyam.notion.site/17e52f7cde8880e0987fd06d33ef6019" %}
