# NMP660 / Minor Project

## Syllabus

{% file src=".gitbook/assets/NMP660-Syllabus-Minor-Project-BTECH-CSE+IT.pdf" %}

<details>

<summary>Course Objectives</summary>

The objective of the Minor Project is to enable the student to take up investigative study in the broad field of Engineering, either fully theoretical/practical or involving both theoretical and practical work, to be assigned by the Department on an individual basis or in groups of two/three students, under the guidance of a Supervisor.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Methodology</summary>

Topics of the project are to be based on the latest trends, verifying engineering concepts/principles and should involve elementary research work. The projects may involve design, fabrication, testing, computer modeling, and analysis of any engineering problem. On completion of the practical training, the students are to present a report covering various aspects learnt by them and give a presentation on the same.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Course Outcomes</summary>

At the end of the course, students will demonstrate the ability to:

1. Conceive a problem statement either from rigorous literature survey or from the requirements raised from need analysis.
2. Design, implement and test the prototype/algorithm in order to solve the conceived problem.
3. Write a comprehensive report on mini project work.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Examination Scheme</summary>

| Component                                   | Marks   |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Literature Study / Fabrication / Experiment | 40      |
| Presentation                                | 25      |
| Written Report                              | 20      |
| Viva                                        | 15      |
| **Total**                                   | **100** |

</details>

## Resources

{% hint style="info" %}
See the Same Approach on the page linked below, as followed during Term Paper Creation in previous Semesters.
{% endhint %}

{% content-ref url="https://app.gitbook.com/s/7uMP7Ghb8mcjzaqhpGZJ/ntp330" %}
[NTP330 / Term Paper](https://app.gitbook.com/s/7uMP7Ghb8mcjzaqhpGZJ/ntp330)
{% endcontent-ref %}

***

{% embed url="https://mantavyam.notion.site/18152f7cde8880d699a5f2e65f87374e" %}

{% embed url="https://mantavyam.notion.site/17e52f7cde8880e0987fd06d33ef6019" %}

{% embed url="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mantavyam.vaultscapes&pcampaignid=web_share" %}

{% embed url="https://discord.com/invite/AQ7PNzdCnC" %}
